Pops off watch with small bump it dont stay on good at all so dont protect watch	

Not recived!!	

The seller sent goods very long time and very slow reply message and it's broken	

Doesnt arrive ! Next one doesnt arrive !	

Ordered a sticker from this bloke and honestly the worst service I have received

Bought item then all of a sudden it wasn't on sale

The bottle was cracked. I'm sorry. I'm very disappointed

Did not receive what I ordered nor did I get a refund.

The worst experience, seller never responding my emails, never received item

I got the tester very bad

Nevers got my item had to file a claim to get my $

I know how this cologne smells and this bottle has not pure starwalker fragance

itwm boxing was not unopened was actually quoted new but came in a tester box

the item was not received.the seller doesnt care.the answers are out of the issu

they stink worse than a fake air freshener . but are more expens. Chip fake

I didn't get my perfume but I already paid for that

No smell. Said was new. Is NOT. Sent reply advising me to return at my cost.

I did not realize it was a tester. No cap included. Weaker scent.

they sell fake bottles don t waste your money it is fake

Never received item. Seller quit responding after a bit.

Very dissapointed its fake will not buy from this seller agian

Poor seller never received my item

the perfume smell like alcohol....horrible

Total waste of money. This cologne is a rip off. DO NOT BUY THIS! What a joke.

YOU KNOW U SENT WRONG STUFF &EVERTHING IN WRITING SHOWED WHAT I ORDERED
























i did not receive these

PSU is not 500 watts will turn on PC but will turn off in less than a minute.

Tested my eyes. This mouse is scrap!!!

Did not work

Seller didnt respond. Item was faulty :(

I think u r getting all 10 colors but u get what they send.

The cable is not genuine, off brand to Monster.

never received item, poor customer service, will not give tracking info BEWARE!

never got item, poor customer service, would not send tracking no. BEWARE !!!

fast delivery!however buyer be aware..some of the ballon LED lights didnt work!

They blatantly lied about the product.

The quality of the item is very low.

My hair got stuck in it, horrible product

item was late, arrived 6 days late.

Opened package and it looked like everything was missing all it had was the mp3.

bad costumer servise

Item defective, not worth spending $$ on pkg materials to return.

not happy with the power

mp4 player without USB cable, cant charged and songs cant be added,so useless

Does not even work, seller wont cooperate!!

Broke after one use

receive wont hook into comp scrambles music when loaded

Reselling JUNK from CHINA. BLEW UP MY RT TABLET. Seeking damages with paypal

Worst item i ever purchased on ebay

Web site will not work with this item

did not get it scammer beware would not buy anything else

Long time to receive, provided wrong tracking info & sent the wrong color

Charger immediately broke the minute I used it. Very low quality product.

did not return/time issues. Piece of junk. "MP3" is just a fm radio.

returned recorder very difficult getting a refund. Had to get Ebay involved.

this item simply dosent work

very disapointed it keeps popping out of socket in our suv

Bad seller,item didnt arrived.

Item was received with scratches. The seller suggested a refund of 30%.

Sorry to say but the flymouse funcion do not work.

junk poorly packaged and cheap dont weigh right

I received it broken

flashlight not as described, seller refused to make proper adjustment

Never received

Product NOT as described. If it does NOT fit - DONT SELL!

not an air mouse. not as described. only remote control

I havent received it yet, still waiting!!! Not a good service!

They send me the wrong size and never replied to my emails

got wrong shirt seller never answered me,I want my money back will open claim

Very unprofessional seller/poor quality item not even close to description

Broken buttons. Irregular sizing. Cheap material. Poor communication.

The shirt was not extra large and made very funny.

The item looks nothing like the picture

Dont work at all. Charged and thats it wouldnt come on

horrible service! have been waiting over a month! nothing came!

Bad shipping

Never received item

crap nothing like picture do not recommend!

Wrong color and shirt doesnt come pass my stomach...I want a full refund

Horrible Cheap Quality, Very Very Bad product. I want to return

I didnt get my item

Coat is damaged....pocket torn and button missing.

Poorly made, not the correct size and took forever to ship.

Item was not delivered.

was not as listed seller would not respond back.

Never received and no refund

Poor Quality. Smaller than described. Hanging threads

Looks nothing like picture

Very bad quality. bad impression, badly cut, glue doesnt stick

I havent received the item I dont now way sow I think that I will never buy...

The item uses tie string which was not mentioned in the description

Never shipped my item, ordered about 1 month ago and still no here. worst seller

Wrong size sent. For iphone 6 and I ordered for 6 plus

didnot work

Forever for shipping, and they are fake, do not look like in pictures. Be aware!

Nothing what they looked like in the picture !! So disappointed !!!

item does not fulfil the purpose.

Item not described properly.

Does not fit the phone! Bad quality! Fake picture!

Never receive my item, this is the longest shipping ever! Over months

Not worth it!

still didnt receive the item nor refund

Havent got the product yet. Its 2 days after the estimated delivery time.

Description of item was a lie!!!

Have not received item..

never got it !









